Add eslint instructions to getting started (#14562)
jestjs/jest: docs/GettingStarted.md

Jest can be used in projects that use [parcel-bundler](https://parceljs.org/) to manage assets, styles, and compilation similar to webpack. Parcel requires zero configuration. Refer to the official [docs](https://parceljs.org/docs/) to get started.

### Using ESLint

Jest can be used with ESLint without any further configuration as long as you import the [Jest global helpers](https://jestjs.io/docs/api) (`describe`, `it`, etc.) from `@jest/globals` before using them in your test file. This is necessary to avoid `no-undef` errors from ESLint, which doesn't know about the Jest globals. 

If you'd like to avoid these imports, you can configure your [ESLint environment](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/use/configure/language-options#specifying-environments) to support these globals by adding the `jest` environment:

> ```json5

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```json5
```

Jest can be used in projects that use [parcel-bundler](https://parceljs.org/) to manage assets, styles, and compilation similar to webpack. Parcel requires zero configuration. Refer to the official [docs](https://parceljs.org/docs/) to get started.

### Using ESLint

> Jest can be used with ESLint without any further configuration as long as you import the [Jest global helpers](https://jestjs.io/docs/api) (`describe`, `it`, etc.) from `@jest/globals` before using them in your test file. This is necessary to avoid `no-undef` errors from ESLint, which doesn't know about the Jest globals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jest can be used with ESLint without any further configuration as long as you import the [Jest global helpers](GlobalAPI.md) (`describe`, `it`, etc.) from `@jest/globals` before using them in your test file. This is necessary to avoid `no-undef` errors from ESLint, which doesn't know about the Jest globals.
```

This will make sure the link is correct for the different versions of the docs 🙂 

(make sure to copy it to the other versions)

Reviewer: Ping @yepitschunked
